There is no reason for newlyweds to sleep in separate rooms
You can stay away for two days
Why can't I sleep in separate rooms?
I'm not coming back
Isn't it because of something wrong with the pig farm these two days?
I'm waiting for these two days to finish
Aren't I coming back today?
I'm sorry
I was wrong. What do you mean you're sorry?
Are you going to break up with Comrade Yang?
How come?
I'm already married to you, so you're sorry, aren't you?
If you hadn't married me
You can start over with Comrade Yang
What nonsense are you talking about?
Didn't I tell you before that Comrade Yang and I
The past?
It was an accident that day, okay?
It was an accident that he hugged you at the Civil Affairs Bureau
Hugging you in the farm office is another accident
Why so many surprises?
Is there a day when you two lie in the same bed?
You said it was an accident
miss
Miss sorry
It's all my fault
I promise it will never happen again
I will stay away from that Comrade Yang Yujie in the future
Ok?
Brother, you made mom angry.
Didn't you make mom angry?
I'm so cute
Why are you willing to make your mother angry?
Who made mom angry?
I made your mother angry.
It's my fault
I apologize to her.
eat